The god's winds pushed you and your crew from Troy to Ismaros, the island home to the Cicones. Upon anchoring on the shore, you are met with a freshly deserted town, as the natives just fled to the neighboring mountains when they saw you arrive. Should you...
You were blown off course and arrived at Djerba, more commonly known as the Land of the Lotus-Eaters. While scouting, some of your men fell under the temptation of the lotus flower and ate them. They now want to stay and eat the flowers forever. Should you...
Several weeks of sailing later has made you desperate to land. You spotted this island and decided to come ashore. However, after discovering a cave and entering, you are locked inside with a feirce cyclopes named Polyphemus that intends to eat your entire crew. Should you...
After barely fleeing Polyphemus, you come across the Aeolia, home of Aeolus, the god of the winds. Aeolus offers you a bag of wind to help expidite the journey. However, your crew seems curious about this bag, and intends to open it sooner than what you'd like. Should you...
It is midnight, and you find yourself nearing an island with jarring cliffs and a single narrow passageway to enter. Upon anchoring, you send some men to explore the temporary home, and you meet a girl who wants to take your crew to her father. Should you...
You arrive at Aeaea, an island home to Circe, a powerful sorceress. She greets your arrival by turing some of your men into pigs. You drink a herb from Hermes that counters her magic and demand she turns your crew back to humans. She agrees, but only if you lay with her. Should you...
No one alive has ever entered the Underworld, but here you are. You make sacrifices to Hades and come across the blind prophet Tiresius. He is willing to offer you extensive information on your upcoming journey. Should you...
After sailing for a few days after from the Underworld, you and your men hear a distant pleasing noise that tuggs at your heart. The Siren's singing urges you and your men to jump over the side of the ship and join them on their cliffside. Should you...
You come across a tight cavern you must sail through. One one side lives Scylla, six-headed monster who is promised to kill 6 men and let everyone pass through safely. On the other side, Charybdis, a giant whirlpool, which could easily swollow your entire ship. Should you...
Tired and overwhelmed from the events of Scylla, you anchor at the island of Thrinacia, home to the sacred cattle of Helios. You are starved and exsausted, so it is tempting to eat the cattle, despite Tiresius's warnings. Your crew looks excited to eat the cattle. Should you...
You wash up on the island Ogygia, home to the nymph Calypso, who takes you in to be her lover. However, after 7 years of staying on the island, you relize you still miss home, and you long to leave this place and desrt Calypso, despite her hospitality. Should you...
You arive at the land of Phaeacians. Nafsica, the princess, takes you to King Alcinous and Queen Arete, where the fill you in on the details of life after the Trojen war. The Phaeacians pity you, and King Alcinous gives you one of the fastest ships to return home. Should you...
You arrive home disguised as a begger. You informed your wife and son about your identity, but none of the suiters know it is you, so they continue to mock you and try to become your wife's lover. The suiters refuse to leave your house until one of them marries your wife. Should you...
.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | max length